{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Rising fraud claims against China's lenders threaten its banking system\
\
Another of China's\'a0big banks has been hit by claims of fraudulent loans, threatening to further undermine China's $29tn banking system, which is already under strain from an indebted corporate sector. Loan frauds are hitting balance sheets from\'a0larger banks, such as the Agricultural Bank of China, to smaller commercial lenders. The latest is Bank of Liuzhou where $4.9bn in fraudulent loans have been discovered, representing over 40% of the bank's total assets, a dent so large it is expected to need government intervention. This follows China Citic Bank which has been hit by an investigation of $147m of fraud and Agricultural Bank of China\'a0which has become\'a0embroiled in a\'a0$578m embezzlement case. Furthermore, corruption at city commercial banks in China has increased the overall risk in the nation's banking system, says Professor Wang Chunyang, adding that he doubts "some of them will be able to cover their losses".\
\
Actual Category name:  blackswans \
\
\
\
German automakers confirm focus on Chinese EV sales\
\
Daimler, the parent group of both Volkswagen and Mercedes Benz, has confirmed plans to increase efforts to sell electric vehicles in China. As reported earlier this week, VW announced a tie-up with Jianghuai Automobile (JAC) to make battery-electric and plug-in hybrid vehicles, while Daimler announced it will broaden its inventory of plug-in vehicles in the country. Industry publication, EV Sales, predicted earlier this year that sales of plug-in vehicles in China could top the 300,000 unit mark this year, although these sales will largely be led by domestic automakers such as BYD, which is earmarked for 75,000 unit sales of its Tang EV, and Kandi, which is predicted to sell 55,000 units of its electric Panda in 2016.\
\
Actual Category name:  batterytech \
\
\
Bank of England under constant threat from hackers\
\
Bank of England admits it is constantly faced with cyber threats as hackers look for vulnerabilities in the bank's computer systems, though it declined to release data of the number of times it has been attacked nor\'a0its spending on external cyber-security firms. The Bank of England has highlighted such attacks as one of the primary risks to financial stability.\'a0Chancellor George Osborne has pledged to double spending on hacking defences and develop an offensive cyber capability, as UK national institutions come under increasing threat of having their systems breached by criminal gangs, terrorists or foreign spies.\
\
Actual Category name:  cpr_articles \
\
\
Huntington's disease to be monitored using wearable devices\
\
Intel and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries have partnered to monitor patients with Huntingdon's disease using wearable devices. The partnerships aims to analyse mid-stage Huntingdon's disease patients, as this is\'a0when the symptoms, such as changes in behaviour and breakdowns in motor skills, are most apparent. Intel and Teva will ask patients to wear a smartwatch,\'a0allowing data to be sent to their cloud platform. This platform will analyse the data and grade the individual patient's performance and motor skills.\
\
Actual Category name:  digitalhealth \
\
\
Sponsored content incorporates interactive journalism\
\
The Guardian and Amazon have adopted a new approach to sponsored content with the release of a four-part true crime series called How to Solve a Murder. This form of investigative brand journalism was published on Guardian Labs, the content agency department of the newspaper, and uses the same elements as traditional storytelling. The online crime series is sponsored by Amazon studios who commissioned it as a promotional tool for its law enforcement programme streamed on Amazon Prime. The content was shared across social media with users engaging in on-going discussions about the plot to achieve the strategic goals of the project. Guardian Labs sees this as the future of branded content with more ideas in the pipeline.\
\
Actual Category name:  digitalads \
\
\
\
IMF: New financial crisis looms over next five years\
\
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that a fresh financial crisis is looming large on the horizon and that worldwide output may decline by 4% over the next five years, adding\'a0that the downside risks are greater\'a0going forward. These downside risks included "terrorist attacks, waves of refugees and rising nationalism, as well as the impact of economic inequality."\'a0These last items lead into the risk\'a0of political changes that may\'a0thwart further globalisation of trade.\'a0It goes on to say\'a0that over 30% of eurozone banks face "significant challenges" if they are to be sustainably profitable, and has called for urgent action by regulators.\'a0"The hardest hit banking systems within the euro area in February have been those of Greece, Italy, and to a lesser extent, Portugal, along with some large German banks, reflecting some or all of the following factors: structural problems of excess bank capacity, high levels of NPLs and poorly adapted business models."\'a0\
\
Actual Category name:  blackswans \
\
\
VW to pay $1bn to US 'Dieselgate' owners\
\
Volkswagen, the US Government and private lawyers agreed a deal for the German car manufacturer to buy back 600k diesel cars that cheated on emissions tests and to pay $1bn in compensation payments to owners. The report says that around 325k owners of older vehicles may require more extensive repairs, and could potentially receive greater compensation, as repairs could affect mileage and performance. The company faces as much as $20bn in fines for Clean Air Act violations alone, before paying to fix the cars or compensate owners.\
\
Actual Category name:  batterytech \
\
Sberbank to join Russian blockchain consortium\
\
Sberbank is in negotiations to join the Central Bank of Russia\'92s blockchain consortium, plans for which were revealed during the XXV International Financial Congress in St. Petersburg earlier this year. \
\
Actual Category name:  blockchain \
\
\
How Oregon health companies can manage the exponential growth of data\
\
A large amount of data is coming from wearable technology as it is becoming an increasingly key tool in healthcare, and can be used as medication reminders all the way through to prompts for maintaining healthy habits. It is inevitable that data will increase, but the real test is how we react to it and use it in the future. Several Oregon-based startups are helping to manage that data deluge.&nbsp;\
\
Actual Category name:  internetofthings \
\
}